pages/en/index.mdx, before:

---
title: Introduction | RayFlat
description: Access and understand salvadoran legislation with ease. Our AI simplifies legal research, saving you time and effort.
---

# Introduction
 
AI-Powered Salvadoran Legislation


### What is RayFlat?

RayFlat is an AI-powered platform designed to simplify access to and understanding of **salvadoran legislation**. It streamlines legal research, saving users time and effort.

When we started building RayFlat we thought of a platform that would help democratize access to legal information in **El Salvador** regardless of whether you are an expert lawyer in the country.

Our models are trained with the following categories:

- Agriculture and Livestock
- Constituent Assembly
- Legislative Assembly
- Control and Audit
- Culture and Science
- Social Rights and Service Entities
- Economy
- Education
- Armed Forces
- Local Government
- Treasury and Budget
- Financial Institutions
- Central American Integration
- Migration and Immigration
- Public Ministry
- Public Works and Transportation
- Executive Branch
- Administrative Regime
- Exception Regime
- Registry
- Foreign Relations
- Public Health and Social Assistance
- Public Security
- Judicial System
- Labor and Social Security
- Supreme Electoral Tribunal

### How can I use the platform?

RayFlat is a platform that is currently only available in **web version**. This means that it does not have mobile or desktop applications for download, and all access and use of the service is done through an internet browser. This mode allows users to use RayFlat from any device with an internet connection, be it a computer, tablet or mobile phone, as long as they have access to a compatible browser.

### Who built RayFlat?

[**Napoleón Pérez**](https://www.linkedin.com/in/napo1998): Salvadoran Engineer and pioneer in Artificial Intelligence, known for developing a [model to detect skin cancer](https://www.udb.edu.sv/udb/noticia/graduado-udb-presentara-proyecto-sobre-la-deteccion-del-cancer-en-conferencia-internacional). He is currently **Founder & CEO**.

[**Nelson Hernández Méndez**](https://x.com/nelsonmendezz_): Salvadoran with a strong track record in the tech industry. Formerly a [Docker, Inc.](https://www.docker.com/) Researcher and recognized as a [HashiCorp](https://www.hashicorp.com/) Ambassador in 2023. He is currently **Co-Founder & Product Designer**.

Commit message:

Update Nelson Hernández Méndez's description
Added role as co-organizer in Cloud Native El Salvador.

pages/en/index.mdx, after:

---
title: Introduction | RayFlat
description: Access and understand salvadoran legislation with ease. Our AI simplifies legal research, saving you time and effort.
---

# Introduction
 
AI-Powered Salvadoran Legislation


### What is RayFlat?

RayFlat is an AI-powered platform designed to simplify access to and understanding of **salvadoran legislation**. It streamlines legal research, saving users time and effort.

When we started building RayFlat we thought of a platform that would help democratize access to legal information in **El Salvador** regardless of whether you are an expert lawyer in the country.

Our models are trained with the following categories:

- Agriculture and Livestock
- Constituent Assembly
- Legislative Assembly
- Control and Audit
- Culture and Science
- Social Rights and Service Entities
- Economy
- Education
- Armed Forces
- Local Government
- Treasury and Budget
- Financial Institutions
- Central American Integration
- Migration and Immigration
- Public Ministry
- Public Works and Transportation
- Executive Branch
- Administrative Regime
- Exception Regime
- Registry
- Foreign Relations
- Public Health and Social Assistance
- Public Security
- Judicial System
- Labor and Social Security
- Supreme Electoral Tribunal

### How can I use the platform?

RayFlat is a platform that is currently only available in **web version**. This means that it does not have mobile or desktop applications for download, and all access and use of the service is done through an internet browser. This mode allows users to use RayFlat from any device with an internet connection, be it a computer, tablet or mobile phone, as long as they have access to a compatible browser.

### Who built RayFlat?

[**Napoleón Pérez**](https://www.linkedin.com/in/napo1998): Salvadoran Engineer and pioneer in Artificial Intelligence, known for developing a [model to detect skin cancer](https://www.udb.edu.sv/udb/noticia/graduado-udb-presentara-proyecto-sobre-la-deteccion-del-cancer-en-conferencia-internacional). He is currently **Founder & CEO**.

[**Nelson Hernández Méndez**](https://x.com/nelsonmendezz_): Salvadoran with a strong track record in the tech industry. Formerly a [Docker, Inc.](https://www.docker.com/) Researcher and recognized as a [HashiCorp](https://www.hashicorp.com/) Ambassador in 2023. Co-organizer in Cloud Native El Salvador. He is currently **Co-Founder & Product Designer**.
